Chen Hongan
School of Humanities, Zhejiang University
866 Yuhangtang Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
12242020@zju.edu.cn
Education
2022- Zhejiang University
PhD Student in Ancient Chinese Literature
Relevant coursework:
Professional foreign languages (literature)；Frontier Issue of Ancient Chinese Literature, Literature and Document Retrieval of Yuan, Ming and Qing Dynasties; Study of Ancient Chinese Novels; History of Chinese Ancient Literature Criticism; Study of Ancient Chinese Opera
Research projects and research teams:
①Academic Map Publishing Platform 2021-
http://amap.zju.edu.cn/
Create maps of someone's travels and distribution maps, focusing on ancient Chinese historical figures.
②Chinese Smart Ancient Books 2021-
https://csab.zju.edu.cn/
Create social relationship maps and lineage maps of ancient Chinese characters.
Proofreading and indexing ancient book texts, reviewing ancient book OCR results.
Award:
Second Prize, Thesis Presentation, Institute of Ancient Literature, College of Arts and Letters, Zhejiang University(2023)
2018-2022 Zhejiang University
Bachelor in Chinese Language and Literature
Relevant Coursework:
Ancient Chinese, History of Ancient Chinese Literature, Research on the Literary Trend of Ming and Qing Dynasties, Research on Tang and Song Poetry, Bibliology of Ancient Books, Chinese Phonology, History of World Literature, Introduction to Linguistics, Western Literary Theory
Research projects and research teams:
A study on the ephemeral examination of verb-plus-object verbs in the history of Chinese language 2021.8.1-2021.9.1
Center for the Study of Chinese Language and History, Zhejiang University. Corpus survey and analysis.
Award:
Third Prize of the Fifth Undergraduate Academic Paper Presentation of the Department of Chinese Language and Literature of Zhejiang University(2020)
Publications
Zhejiang Provincial Gazetteer: Section on Arts and Literature（《浙江通志·艺文志》）, co-editor, published by Zhejiang People's Publishing House , 2023.
Zhejiang Provincial Gazetteer: Section on Arts and Literature is a local gazetteer that presents the cultural and artistic history of Zhejiang, featuring works by contemporary scholars and literary figures from ancient to modern times. My contribution primarily involved organizing ancient literary collections from the Zhejiang region.
Awards, Interests, Skills, and Community Involvement:
Awards: Third-Class Scholarship, Zhejiang University;Third Prize of the National Talents Training Base, Zhejiang University;Academic Excellence Award, Zhejiang University
Musical Interests: Proficient in playing the erhu and an active member of a choir, showcasing a strong appreciation for traditional Chinese music, interest in Chinese culture, and collaborative performance.
Community Involvement: Participated in the Wenqin Choir, demonstrating teamwork and commitment to cultural activities.